
	1. A list of deliveries where I can add a new delivery with supplier, date and an invoice number and number of bales
	2. Add an invoice number to a delivery that can be edited later and a status for payed as well
	3. Use sqlite on disk
	4. Use tailwindcss
	5. Make it responsive, no side scrolling on small devices eg. cards
	6. When adding a delivery, create all bales linked to the particular delivery
	7. When clicking on a delivery takes me to a list of bales for the delivery
	8. I need to be able to mark bale as open, closed, reimbursed and bad. Make badges of these
	9. Use JavaScript when necessary, eg. Ajax
	10. On the deliverylist table shows the number of bales in total, left and bad
	11. When marking a bale as open, set the open date
	12. Add a counter from when the bale was open until "now" and lock it when marked as closed
	13. I need to be able to edit the opened and closed date on a bale
	14. All dates should be inline editable on bales view
	15. Separate views for deliveries and bales
	16. Need to set a warm date
	17. users/roles, regular/admin
	18. Auto migrate
	19. Hash password
	20. A bale cannot be open and closed at the same time
	21. A bale can be bad and reimbursed at the same time as well as closed or open
	22. Use express.js
	23. Admin can add a user and assign roles
	24. A user can add delivery
	25. I want a prediction when a bale is going to be warm in the bales view
	25. Warning when a bale has been open for too long, 7 days winter, 5 days summer, configurable in ui
	26. I want to see a cost prediction for the next 6 months, a button and a popup
	27. I want to use react and tailwindcss
	28. Fully responsive, table should be cards on small devices
	29. Tables on large devices cards on small devices
	30. Use sequalize.js
	31. Integrate to smhi to get predictions when a bale is going to be warm based on previous data and temparature
	32. When setting a bale warm record the temperature and date
	33. Make the smhi location configurable in the ui
	34. Make warm prediction run periodically to update the warm prediction
	35. I want an email to be sent to all users when a bale has been open for too long, eg. winter, 6 days, summer 4 days, should be confugurable in ui in the us
	36. I need emil address on users/and when creating new users as well
	37. Forgot password functionality
	38. I need the smtp server to be configurable in settings
	39. When clicking open set open date, when clicking closed clear open status and set closed date
	40. Open and closed status should toggle each other
	41. I need to be able to upload an image to a bale, and be ale to delete it as well
	42. I need to be able to upload an invoice in pdf format to a delivery and delete it as well
	43. Show the delivery on top of the bales view and make same fields editable as on the delivery table
	44. Make the bales view open a new popup with the bale data where data can be changes and set an remove the inline editing in bales table


so
